added wcs wherever required (#6723)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/intro/coordinates.rst

       (-0.00406308, 0.04787238, 1.51846026e+11)>): (Tx, Ty) in arcsec
       (100., 10.)>

>    The `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object can be converted to a PixelPair object using `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.wcs.world_to_pixel`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object can be converted to a pair of pixels using `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.wcs.world_to_pixel`:
```

   >>> pixel_obj = m.wcs.world_to_pixel(coord) # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   >>> pixel_obj # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

>    PixelPair(x=<Quantity 551.7680511 pix>, y=<Quantity 515.18266871 pix>)

Reviewer: This value will change, it will need to be updated.
